Mom, you misunderstood Cai Cai Shen Ting
You are the head of Haicheng's richest man Story Group
He's a woman who can't be on the table
You've been defending him
Wake up, the person you have to treat sincerely is Jiang Xue
I don't love Jiang Xue
Pardon me?
I said that the person I love is Jiang Cai Zai
Are you confused?
Jiang Xue is pregnant with you in October
Suffered so much
I tried my best to give you Doudou.
Your good wife and mother don't love you
But I love this scheming woman
I have paid off Jiang Xue's kindness
I love whoever I don't love, no one has the right to interfere
you
Are you trying to piss me off?
I, don't be angry.
Hurt the body
Please calm down
Calm down brother is just always bewitched by him
I can wait for him.
I believe that one day
He will come back to me
Jiang Xue, you are wronged
It's us who take care of the family and feel sorry for you.
Know three best
Don't you just want money?
Is 1 million enough for you?
I don't want a penny.
Guo Zhenting, let's break up
I don't agree with that.
No one can stop us from being together
But you lied to me.
I don't love you anymore
Gu Zhengting
Cancan
I really love you.
I am sincere to you